Yeah. So this is an application where we have a tracking of, site and factory, the materials or in this application, it is particularly four different modules which will be coming up. Currently, we have implemented board in production, and MEP is in UET. And maybe in future, facade and joinery, they'll have. So board is nothing but the you know, it is directly an inbuilt washrooms or restrooms. So they build it in factory, and in the construction site, they just fix it. So in this application, what the site team and factory team will do is it is just an interaction. Like, site will decide what how many floors how many first, they'll create a project. And then in a project, how many towers are there? In In that that towers, how many levels are there? And for each level, there'll be different different apartments. You know? So for each apartment, what is the port type they want and how many counted ones? All these will be, input. The site site team will be giving the input. So based on this, the system has to auto calculate the dates. They'll be giving the start date. And based on that, for all the, floors, it should be auto calculated. So once that is calculated, this should be communicated to factory people also. So in our application only, we have a feature where the factory people can, view what is the expected port delivery date of a a particular port or of a particular project, whatever it is, can view. And once the factory people have manufactured, okay, they have specific stages for them. We have factory people also to configure how long does it take to configure a port. Like, to build a complete port, how long do they take? And they'll have a multiple stages to do that. So in our application, we'll have, given them what are the stages they have, how long does it take for each stage. Based on that, we will auto calculate and give them the planned delivery dates. Once the planned delivery dates is given to them, they'll start doing it in actual part. So after that is completed, they'll be actually, dispatching it to the site. They will during the dispatching to the site, they will have something specific as port tag. That is the unique tag number. They have it across the site and factory for tracking purpose. So once they dispatch, they they they upload upload it it in in this this application only that, so and so ports are being dispatched. So if dispatch is completed, the next thing comes is an installation. So what site team will do is start doing the installation. And then if they have completed the installation, just updated that these so and so and flow. These actual dates are updated. So this is a complete cycle that happens, but, it is not just like, most of the things are man what to say? Most of our things are automated. Only thing is the starting one, they'll just configure how many days. It it is different to project to project. So they'll just specify what is the details, which, how many days it takes and everything. Based on that, the system auto calculates. So in our, application, the major purpose of the agent would be doing this auto populate okay. Doing the auto calculations properly. And if in case if the user asked the random data, it should be able to fetch and show them what they are asking. So I'll show one project for you. So this is the project space. So we have all these projects. And inside projects, we will have if you click on any project, I'll take some project which has data to show you. Okay. So let's okay. This is one project which has two towers. And if you were trying to configure towers, we will actually give how many floors are there in the tower, and there there is something called port. So this port has to be first, they'll do the slab casting, and after slab casting only, they will do a port installation or MEP and all. So they have to configure how many ports are there for particular flow. Once they give two flow or two ports, for each floor, it will take the ports as to configure. There can be a specific floor which where they want to add some port, they can add or they can delete this. This. That is actually possible in this application. No? And, floor duration. So how long does the, floor construction or floor slab casting takes the time that they give it here? And what is the first to start date? This will be a key feature to do the auto calculation. Once they give this and all, maybe we can try, but, people have already data. No. I can show that better. So they give all these. So based on this, this data will be visible. And after this, I as I said, they have a feature to add the port or delete the port if they want. Here, there'll be an edit option for the user. First time they have to submit, it'll get up, updated. Then after that, if they have to edit, they'll just have to click on edit. Any floor they want to delete the port, they can delete it. So once after deleting this port, there is something called data uploads. In data uploads, what the site team will have to do is they have the actual on ground plan, like, many towers are there. And for that tower, how many levels? This was was configured in the first screen only, how many floors are there. So the after configuring, we'll have a download template, which will have just the tower and level prepopulated. And after that, what this IT will do is how many flats, different different flats based on the, you know, floor they will have, and apartment type is also there. This is the port type. So this is very, for a factory people, they don't mind, what is the flat number or level number you're going to place. For them, the key feature will be the port type, what is the port color that we will be, sharing it to them. And we will also give a site tag. Site people will have one-site tracking, and factory people will have a production port tag they will give. These both has to be mapped in the application once they dispatch it. That, only creates the priority that decides the priority of a bot. So this is either auto populated or, I mean, auto calculated if the user is not giving. There is a specific pattern like project code, what is the port type, how many port types are there, and, what is that port type number along with the flat number, it'll be there, and color code. That is already uploaded, it is as it is like that. If it is not there, we will auto calculate. So after doing this, what the site team has to do is they have to configure the floor clearance. So there is something called floor clearance that has to be done. After only they have the port installation can happen. So these specifications, have to view. You want me to, in detail, tell you what all these specifications? Briefly, if you can tell otherwise, I think it's fine. Yeah. Yeah. So it it is nothing but floor clearance. Number of floors are both to be considered. So if you take Level 1, if if Level 1 floor clearance is completed, they have to tell, then they have to, go to Level 4 only. That is how maybe in calculation, I can show you. And how long does it get, the difference each floor? That is if it is above floor, it should after level one is completed, we have to leave one day, then only we have to start at Level two. That is that. And if the lag is if there is no topmost floor if we have, how how long does it take to complete? It is twenty one days. That is the duration. And typical floor clearance duration, generally, the floor clearance, how long does it take to clear? That is it. And it is all tower specific that is given here. And this is main, actually, for demand planning. What does it mean? Means either the part can be installed from top to bottom or bottom to up. Top to bottom means they they will will have a concept something called sandwich floor, which means if you take there are 45 floors. Okay? And we'll group it by five five floors, and they will start with forty fifth Floor, forty fourth floor, 43rd, forty second, 41, 40. So like that, they will lose. So here, what they have to configure is what are all the sandwich floors if they give top to bottom approach. If it is bottom to top, it is gentle how we do know. So there is no sandwich floors concept. They'll generally fix it in that way. And there is something called installation start to start it, which is poor ways or floor wise. So if poor completion is done, can we do the poor installation? I mean, poor installation or whether the floor completion has to be completed. After that only, we have to do the installation. So for that also, there is something dates that they have to configure. Floor to floor for duration, what is the sandwich floor duration that they have to give, and the lag that we need to consider for calculating in the sandwich flows. These all needs to be given, and it is all tower specific. It is not project specific. It is all tower specific. And after that, this is platform configurated. So to take this part from the bill I mean, will consider it as in ground floor, we are going to take it to multiple towers with the different different, floors. So how do we take it? We need some platform to care take carry this, parts. So we have to here how many platforms are there in that particular tower, and that platform can carry how many parts per day. So that also we need to mention. And if you see here, apartment to flat mapping is based on here, they have configured platforms. There are five platforms. So this should come directly here, and this mapping comes from the port configuration. How many apartments are there they have configured? No. Based on that, that will will be be given. Given. And here, we can give the priority platform priority. So which, one has to be first? This one has to be second. All these mapping, have to do. This will be done by site team. And after after doing this, they have this actually will be enabled only after giving this. All the fields will know will get enabled only after doing one one next and saved. And here, if you see, these are all the apartment types that was actually uploaded in the port configuration. And if you see, these are all the port type. So there is something specific called, priority of the port. So the port type which has SP starting will be the first priority. The port type which is starting with PP will be the second priority, and the port type which is starting with the MP will be last priority. And inside that, based on the number sequence, we have to assign the priority. This should be preconfigured. Mean, it should be prepopulated and shown to the user. If in case they want to change, maybe for this up whatever they want to have this as two and this as one, should be enabled to make such changes. So after configuring these two, what will happen is based on this platform to apartment mapping. So this is also a calculation that will come based on both these combination, whatever platform platform series they have given and whatever the priority they have given. We will come up with the floor wise, apartment wise, what is the platform that needs to be taken. So this this is is once once given. Then, again, they have to configure what are the ports that they will be taking, either port one or port two they have. These apartments, they consider port two, and these apartments, they'll taking they'll they'll be taking with port one. So after these cons configurations, they have to go to board installation. So as I said, they have to install the board. Once factory dispatch is the board, they have to install the board in the site I mean, site. So how how long does it take it take to install? So days from the last delivered so first, they'll take start date as two, and the duration to complete it as two. So this there is something called calculation that how they do is start start date, the last part, deliver date, and the duration that they have given. And finish date is start date plus six date. This is the formula that they use. This is also editable, and the user can modify according to their change. So once these all these are done, the first thing that comes into picture is in the four page, when they create a tower, they would have given floor start date. So based on floor start date and floors that they have configured, configured, if you see in this tower a, they have actually configured for 45 floors. So tower a, 45 floors. And in this tower a, what we have to do is they have already given port one or port two or port three. They have already configured. So based on that, the slab casting dates has to be recalculated by the application. So if you go the first date that they gave they gave in the floor start date will be taken here. And the next date, will be considered based on the configuration that is given that I think, if you see here, I have given the formulas also how to calculate. So it'll show baseline is equal to our configuration, slab casting start date, and what is the duration that they give? Six days or five days, whatever they give, that will take up. And, after that, this is the duration of each floor. What is the duration? This basically, the difference between the finish date and start date. So if Floor 1 is finished on April 7, the floor next floor should actually start on the next day. That is n plus one day, and this will be the duration. So start date plus duration is equal to finish date. And, this is based something called baseline. So first, the site will come up with a baseline plan. So this will be what happen is they will just review it. And if they have to make any changes, they can make it, and they will submit it for an approval. And the site manager of that particular project will approve the baseline plan. Once they approve it, we will have a feature to generate forecast and actual. Forecast and actual is nothing but when are we planning to do the slab casting. And actual is nothing but when we actually did the actual insight, when is the slab casting completed? When did they start? When did they complete? So when they complete, maybe not in this, but but in in some projects, they would have uploaded actual, which will show in green color. Maybe what I can do is I'll try to update on actual and the the logic here system is also actual cannot be greater than today's date that we have also that is also embedded. So if actual is recorded, it will show the user as in green button. And whatever actual based on actual is recorded, we will recalculate. I mean, again, recalculate the other forecast date. So if it is September 18, then it'll go to September 19, plus sixteen days, October 14, then October 4 to next two days, plus one is October 5. So same like that, it give it keeps cascading until the last flow, whatever it is done. So until this, do you guys understand and you want any I mean, you have any doubts? No. I think it's clear to us. Us. Nice. So after this structural tracker that is slab caching is done, they'll go for flow clearance. So in flow clearance, what do we have some specific logic to do. What does that means? In this configurations here, they have given configuration. So here, what will happen is the start date in structural records, I can take. So here, what will happen is April 7 is the end finish date. So in flow clearance, the starting date would be April 7, plus they would have given this configuration. Number of flows about to consider and what is the lag for that and lag for the same day. So 1st Floor, it will be like that only. Twenty one days, they will do, and it will come. For the next floor to calculate, we have given floor four days. I mean, it is configured as four. So in floor clearance, the next floor, it will start is from structural tracker. One, two, 3, 4th Floor, finished it. July 26 plus the configuration that they have given here. One sec. Where is that? I think this configuration and and the duration. Start date will be the configuration, and the end date will be with the duration. So this is how we do the floor clearance. So if you hover, you will actually get the this is just for a user to understand how the user I mean, the calculations are done. This formula based on this, floor clearance is actually populated. Floor clearance also, that has the same logic. First, we'll gen initially build the baseline. Baseline can be reviewed by the site team, and they can submit for manager approval. And And once once that has been approved, again, they can generate forecast. And if forecast is completed, they have done actual. They can enter it in the application. Either they can upload or they can individually specific rules, they can record. And after recording, it'll turn green. So after all these tracker and flow clearance, slab casting is done, flow clearance is done. Now we come to site delivery. So there is something called pod delivery sequence. This is also there is some calculation, like, flow clearance date plus wait. I'll show. Second, my mouse is not working properly. So if you see here, we will take the level tower. This is all we have configured. They have uploaded in the port configurator, so which will will have have all these details. And this platform sequence is from the platform configurator screen if you see that, I showed you previously. So this is the basic key. So based on this platform priority and apartment mapping, we will actually generate the port delivery dates. So this this is is site tag number and what is the color code. This is on all uploaded in the port configurator and which port we have configured. Based on that, we have to come to a calculation. What is the planned delivery date? So planned delivery date is nothing but start start date, then they give finish date flow clearance finish date plus some lag they have configured is equal to the poor delivery date. And if you see in all these logic, we have some feature called holiday calendar, where first time when they configure a tower for a project for a project, what they will do is they'll configure a holiday list. So whenever we are doing this calculation, we should not consider the calculation dates on Saturday. Saturday. I mean, they can configure Sundays. All Sundays are holidays or, there are specific holidays. They have to give it here. And then across all the pages wherever we do calculations or the populations, or if the user is trying to enter enter the the date, we should restrict them from entering on holidays, or we should not create auto populate on the calculate the dates on the holidays. That is one restriction we have. So based on this, we have the delivery date as well as forecast delivery dates. And there is something called site priority. Based on the site tag number, we will end this port delivery sequence. Actual the main key for generating the priority will be port delivery sequence. On the platform that we have configured, we will come to a conclusion of priority, what which port should be first based on the priority and apartment mapping. Everything we gave, we'll give of the site. What is the site priority? So this part type of this color code has to be the first priority. Then this this will be priority. So all these are done in our application. There's no manual intervention. They'll just give the inputs in the starting. All these has to be auto populated and shown to the user. And if you come to site reports, there's something called the whole picture of the board. So when is the slab casting done for a particular flow? If it is a sandwich flow, it is just to make the user interface free. Free good for them. We made which is all sandwich flow, we will be able to see and in between flow. So for this calculations, they that'll be better. So slab casting, what was planned? If actual, it is showing green. If it is forecast, it will show in a low. And what is same for flow clearance, then when is the port delivered? When is the port dis installed? And this factory dispatch is nothing but a factory has dispatched that will be updated in our same application. So if it is updated, we will have that also in this dispatch module. So until this, we are done with the site. So you guys have any doubt? No. Not from my side. Prio, just when that do you have any questions? Okay. Okay. Okay. So then I'll come to factory screens. Factory, as I said, to, you know, build a complete port, what all the stages they have. And this is something called stamp code. Why this is required? Because there is a plan grid integration, which will actually give the actual data that is being delivered automatically from plan plan grid. We are consuming their API, and we are just fetching those details. So for that, there is a specific stamp code that they have to give for this costing means it will be this a five something they'll have so that they have to configure. Initially, for a tower, what all stages are there, they have to configure. After that, they have to give the duration. So for each stage, how much how many days it takes so that they give. But usually, dispatch will be one one day only, and the final finish will be two days. So based on that, they give it. Once that is done, they have to three people has to do one thing. What does that means? Initially, we'll give them a download template. So this is a download template where we will give project, tower, and the port type and color. So this port type and color is taken from port configurator where the site team has uploaded the data. This part type and color code, we'll fetch it. So now what site team factory team will do is they have a specific unique tag part tag that is being generated for each part. So that will update here. Once this is updated, what we will do is we will again generate factory priority based on the mapping that they have shared. And what will happen is next forecast date. So after updating this only, there is something called reports page where they can go and see floor wise, unit wise. Unit is nothing but the flat. Flat wise, what what is is the the status of each in the factory site? They'll be able to see planned dates for each. And then if they upload all these, forecast dates, so that also I'll show. Here, now the factory has, means factory has a provision to see site requirement date. So this there is an worksheet that is separately for site data. So site data will have all the features that they have uploaded, not the same thing along with one extra things. Excuse me. Sorry. Site requirement planned to start date and site requirement planned to finish date. So this will be their site requirement date. That is for factory delivery date that for them. And what is the site priority? If the factory priority factory priority will generate once the forecast is also updated and the status of the part, what is it whether it started or dispatched, all these will be given. Factory people also have to update stage way. Stage wise means the casting is given, what is the start date they forecast, and what is the finish date they have forecast. So all these will generate it. And after this, there is something called actual. So we have forecast or something, but then in actual factory, what has happened, they will again upload what is the actual data that has been completed. And dispatch is the final, from factory side. If they have dispatched, then their work is done. So here, they what they have to do is I'll just, download the template and show. So, Kartik, on this, they have to do it manually. They have to write in the under the columns for each? That's what I said. No. There is something called plan grid integration. So plan grid will update, dispatch dates, all in the system automatically. There is a web job that is running, which will fetch and update the dates. If at all, they have to make some corrections or if there is any alterations, they'll come and do it. So here, we'll have project code, port tag. Port tag is the tag that is generated by factory and site tag. This is not having actual data. Maybe if you want, I can show in the prod how does it work. See. For a project code, what is the port tag? What is the site port tag? What is the dis dispatch date? So, if the dispatch date is given, then the factory priority and site priority will regenerate. Why? Because the what whichever pod is being dispatched, we'll make the factory priority and site priority as zero. And whatever is next, then the priority will get updated as one, so and so on and so on. So this happens. So I think factory people upload is also done. And what happens after dispatch, site has to know do give the installation actual dates. They just have to update which date and what they have installed. So that has to be done. I think I'll log out from prod. You'll have view it. So this is one complete cycle of port from site and factory, and most of the things are auto calculated. Few datas, the user has to give the input. So until port, I hope you guys understood. Do you have any doubt? No. It's here. Okay. Then when we go for MEP, MEP is mechanical, electrical, plumbing work. So I don't know whether we have a data, but then usually, there'll be HCM, KFM, PFM. HCM is like the corridor that we have. So that will be always a level based, not the flat or apartment based. PFM or, KFM, this is the current structure. I mean, modules that they have in, site or factory, whatever they have. This is the current modules they have. And in future, if they want to add any module, they can add it. The provision is given in the screen in such a way. If there is any modules that needs to be added, that can be added. So HCM is always a level wise, a corridor wise, and KFM KFM and PFM, it is flat wise what is the electrical work or plumbing work that is there. So same as I said in port configurator, here also, we'll have a HCM configurator. And then if I change it to PFM, it'll show PFM. If I change it to KFM, it will show GA. If you I think they have for testing, they have added KFM mod c FCM module also, a new module. So based on that, the same upload data the first time factory has to upload for each site sorry. Site has to upload. I don't we don't have data, but then we they'll have to upload module module type and module tag for each level wise. So module, if they have for apartment, that will be different. I think this is corridor wise. If it is PFM, that will have a pool. Apartment wise also. So if you see flat number, apartment type, then PFM is prepopulated. PFM type will be PFM one zero one zero two, like that, and the module tag that they have for MAP that they have to update, or it should be auto call calculated how we do for board also. Once this upload is done, as usual, this gets approved by the manager. And once our manager is approved, if they want the same as whatever floor clearance that is kept in portal so they can configure, same. Everything is exactly the same, like, how we did for pod. And floor clearance, also, the dates will be auto calculated like how I showed. Structural tracker will be same. Slab casting will be same independent of pod or MEP or facade will be same. So it'll go under common structural tracker and floor clearance for MEP, whatever the specifications that they have given. And here, based on HCM, PFM, KFM, that also will be shown. And site reports, same. Everything is exactly the same of what replica. But only thing is HCM will not have any flat ways configuration. It is just a level wise configuration. So once the site team does thing, the same thing we do within factory also. The stage configuration after the stage durations, then after duration, they have to map what which module has been tagged to what, and forecast date will be calculated. Calculated. And actual dates, they have to upload or it is from plan grid. And dispatch has to be dispatch also will be fetched from plan grid. If not, if they have to do any upload, they can do it. And they after that, they have to do the installation. Only difference from port to MEP is MEP is modules specific. It is PFM or KFM or HCM. Port will be just one single port type based on the port. That's it. So I think, only that the difference will be there. Only module wise changes will be there, and reports all just shows level wise, typology wise, unit wise. Detailed report will have level wise, unit wise. I I showed in different patient. That will be there. And And if they have to export a report, factory people has to export the report. They can report what is the expected delivery dates they want to see, they can see. So that's it. This is both combined for an MMP together. Okay. Perfect. So, I think, we don't have any questions for now, but we have understood the software overall. Thank you so much for the information. I'll just, share this with my like, we'll, discuss on this. And if you have any questions, we'll let you know on email if that works. Okay. So, generally, what we would require on this application is, like, if a user is trying to ask some data, consider as a factory person or also board, site person or MEP site person, it should be able to give, like, a chatbot kind of thing. It should fetch all the datas because the system will will have a database now. So it can if in case they ask how many pod has been delivered in JAD or how many for MEP is yet to install. So those kind of datas, it should be able to fetch and calculate and show. We are expecting something like that. Yeah. Analysis and reporting, but you want to be automated to a chatbot. Yeah. Right? And whatever task we are doing, like, something so I I can maybe I can share you what else can be automated also. That also we wanted to be get it done by any chance. Yeah. Right. So, we'll discuss on that, and we'll let you know. We'll prepare, like, a document for you. Okay. Anything else from your side? Anything that comes on your mind for it? For automation? Thing is, that you we have to make the user experience better. So here, there are a lot of configurations from their end. So configurations that they have to do it, but then these calculations or fetching some reports or asking some queries or by this date and this date. Maybe if you say what, I have to ask a chat bot, we have planned some dates for pod. But then how many has been actually delivered from factory as requested? Or if factory has delivered, but then site has not taken up for installation, how many parts are there? How how many days have been lagged? Those things if I have to check like like that. That. I think that will be the major requirement of the application, I guess. And if there is any dates calculated not correctly, it should be in a push push and to check why it is different, why it is showing we have so if user is asking, have given this this date. But since, your application is showing this date, what is the different? How does it calculate? We already have something like every page will have a calculation how it is showing based on actual data. But still, if they have any doubt for a tower specific or a level specific, if they query, it it should be able to answer how did the state got arrived Okay. With the with the flow. Right. What I will do, Manat, I will like, I shared the UAT link with you, right Yes. For TMS. We will share the UAT link of this application also so that you can go through. And Kartik already mentioned about the requirement, but, again, it's open space. We We can can think of other solution as well, but the priority is, like, a bot in the application where it can answer. Perfect. Yeah. That would work. You can share the credentials, so we will, in detail, go through once again and propose some more solutions. Otherwise, what Katika has shared, we'll work on those two. Then you can work on those, but then, you can tell us from your end sorry, Deepak. You can tell us from your end portal. You can actually, you know, make a agent to do this. And we've got the DMS password. Right? DMS, we have gotten these other software also. We logged in. Perfect. Okay. I got it. What we right now, whatever one that is possible, also that, can be implemented. Other use cases, we'll think of and let you know in a document. Yeah. Yeah. Sure. Sure. I'll do one thing. I will create one user, which has only read only access, and we will give it to you. It should be fine, right, to view just the application? Yes. Yes. Yes. That would work. Then I can do for you. Okay. Perfect. Online. We started from from your end? Yeah. Yep. Nothing from Okay. Perfect. Deepak also, one then one we wanted to show. Can you stay back or we can connect later? I want Raj Kumar in the call. Let me ask him if he's available. I will set up a call in just in five minutes. Okay? Okay. Yeah. I will Okay. Stay stay stay active on WhatsApp. I will let you know. Okay? Alright. Perfect. Okay. Thank you so much, Kartika. Thank you so much, Deepak. Thank you. Thank you, everyone. Thank you, everybody. Bye. Okay. Thanks all. Thanks. Bye.
